release: v1.57.0 (#6169)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_feature_rhairouterrequesturi.md

> ### Add uri and method properties on router request in Rhai ([PR #6114](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6114))
> 
> Previously, when trying to access `request.uri` and `request.method` on a Router Request in Rhai, Router would error saying the properties are undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Support URI and method properties for router request in Rhai ([PR #6114](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6114))

The router now supports accessing `request.uri` and `request.method` properties from custom Rhai scripts.

Previously, when trying to access `request.uri` and `request.method` on a router request in Rhai, the router would return error messages stating the properties were undefined.

An example Rhai script using these properties:
```
